Add Jakarta Annotations security annotation support to spec and TCK (#1507)
jakartaee/data: spec/src/main/asciidoc/jakarta-ee.adoc

    List<Student> findByAgeLessThanEqual(@Min(18) int age);
}
----

=== Jakarta Annotations

> A repository interface or method of a repository interface may be annotated with a security annotation defined in the `jakarta.annotation.security` package: `@DenyAll`, `@PermitAll`, or `@RolesAllowed`.footnote:[Jakarta Annotations 3.0, https://jakarta.ee/specifications/annotations/3.0/]

Reviewer: Similar to prior comment and update to EE 12 spec version,
```suggestion
A repository interface or method of a repository interface may be annotated one of the following annotations defined in the `jakarta.annotation.security` package: `@DenyAll`, `@PermitAll`, or `@RolesAllowed`.footnote:[Jakarta Annotations 3.1, https://jakarta.ee/specifications/annotations/3.1/]
```

In the Jakarta EE environment--or in any other environment where Jakarta Annotations is available and integrated with Jakarta CDI--the security annotation is inherited by the repository implementation. That is, the security annotation must be treated as if it were placed directly on the repository implementation bean. The security constraints declared by the annotation are enforced automatically by the Jakarta EE container.

> NOTE: The behavior of `@DeclareRoles` and `@RunAs` on a repository interface is not defined by this specification, and is not portable between Jakarta Data providers.

Reviewer: If you want to keep this text in the spec doc, that's fine. I would also be okay with removing it.  If it is kept here, there is one grammar fix to make,
```suggestion
NOTE: The behavior of `@DeclareRoles` and `@RunAs` on a repository interface is not defined by this specification and is not portable between Jakarta Data providers.
```

Author: I had to change it for other reasons... will add a comment below.
